Homework for Chapter 2 of Learning MySQL (2006 edition), from p. 94:

Exercises:
1) What is command completion?
Command completion is a "time-saving feature." When you start to type the name of a 
command, file, or directory, pressing the Tab key cycles through names that could match. 
I tried this on the command prompt and when I typed $ cd /s and then repeatedly
press the Tab key,I saw items beginning with the letter “s” in the / (filesystem root) directory: Send to, 
start menu, saved games, and searches. .


2) What are the relative advantages of installing MySQL using the package,
 directory archive (tarball or "no-install", or compiled methods?
Installing MySQL using the package is pretty straight forward since you go to the website and follow the steps.
Installing using the directory archive is useful if you don't have administrator access on a windows machine 
or to try and avoid chages the installer may make. 
Installing the compiled method is similar to the tarball or "no-install" approach, however, you need to first
use the configure command to tell the ocmpilation process where I would like the MySQL directory to be located.

3) How do you verify the integrity of downloaded packages?
Compare checksums generated by a digest algorithms such as MD5. A digest algorithm takes some data (for example,
an RPM file) as input and calculates a 128-bit number, or checksum, from this data. With a good digest algorithm, 
it’s practically impossible to change the data without changing the checksum, so if the checksums of two files match,
you can be certain that the files are identical.

4) How do you add the MySQL bin directory to the operating system path?
In the configuration Wizard you click or check the Include bin Directory in windows PATH.


Additional Exercises (not in the book): 
1) Document how you installed MySQL and any issues you came across with installation. 
 (The goal is to be easy to install it again on a similar machine.)
Downloaded mysql-installed-community-5.5.29.0.msi from dev.mysql.com/downloads/. 
I didnt have c++2010 32-bit and I just had to press execute and it did it for me. Otherwise 
I went though the License Information, find latest products, setup type, check requirements, 
installation, and configuration. 


2) Document where important files should be.
root directory

Do not forget to do a pull request when your homework is complete.
